Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[eerie music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music softens and fades]
[woman singing] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday. dear Mia ♪
-[Mia pretend snores]
-[woman chuckling]
Aw. she's still asleep.
[pretend snores]
Oh. well. I'll just have to eat
all those pancakes myself then.
Tricked you!
[woman laughing]
Happy birthday. Bunny.
[both laughing]
Happy birthday. Happy birthday.
[wind whooshing]
[Mia] Mum?
-Mum?
-Hmm?
You're burning them.
Oh. Jesus.
Here you go. Ta-da!
Oh. okay. Here. put that on.
Looking forward to your party?
-Is Daddy coming?
-Yeah.
-And Denise?
-Mmm-hmm.
Toby. your dad. Denise. everyone.
Not everyone.
Not Grandpa.
I miss him.
Yeah. I miss him too. Bunny.
-[loud banging]
-[both gasp]
[both laughing]
-Two dolphins. yes.
-Yeah?
And the blue one I like the most.
'cause he can camouflage in the water.
and he has a beanbag to himself.
Okay. well…
And has only a cushion and a beanbag.
[phone ringing]
[Mia] Bye-bye. Mummy!
Bye. sweetheart.
[phone continues ringing]
How's work?
Oh. it's okay. It's work.
[patient] Ready.
Great.
[woman] Okay.
I'm just gonna place the probe.
That's it.
Just looking for the sac
and the fetal pole. and…
That. Jordie. is a little heartbeat.
[heartbeat over ultrasound machine]
[Jordie crying] Oh. Yeah.
[woman] No. You better not be doing
what I think you're doing.
Uh. Mia?
Is Joan coming?
What?
To my party. is Joan coming?
Uh. what makes you think
that Joan might be there?
I miss her.
Isn't it a bit hard to miss somebody
if you've never met them?
I miss people I've never met all the time.
[eerie music playing]
[Mia] Mummy. why's the door up?
[woman] I don't know.
[garage door closing]
[Mia] Mum. look what I got!
Aren't you cute!
I know. I know. I know. I know.
You're so cute. I love you.
Uh. it's probably just escaped
from someone's backyard.
But she was sitting here. waiting for me.
Um.
Is that from Daddy?
No. He's coming tonight. remember?
Who's it from?
It's for me.
-Another card about Grandpa?
-Yeah.
I'm gonna call her "Rabbit."
[banging on door]
They're here!
[man] There's my birthday girl!
-[wind whooshing]
-[Toby crying]
-Happy birthday. sweetheart!
-Hi. Daddy!
-Ah. it's pouring a gale out there.
-[woman] Come in. come in.
[Toby crying]
-Does he need something?
-Oh. he's fine.
I just picked him up from his dad's.
He didn't want to leave.
Where's Denise?
Um. she's coming straight from work.
She'll be here soon.
I love you.
[woman] I'm gonna have to put posters up.
Or you could let her keep it.
[woman chuckles]
How've you been coping?
Hmm. good.
Yeah?
Well. I saw all the boxes.
What?
The boxes in the garage.
-When I went to check on the kids.
-Hmm.
I hope you'll tell me
if you're ever… not good.
Dinner's ready! [taps on railing]
[eerie music playing]
[sighs deeply]
Maybe we should just cut the cake.
I'm so sorry. She's--
She's two minutes away.
I'm so sorry.
I'm really. really sorry about this.
How are you guys? How's Denise?
Uh. yeah. good.
Good. Um…
[clicks tongue]
Yeah.
We. uh…
-Hmm?
-[man chuckles]
-What? [chuckling]
-We…
We… are trying for a baby.
I thought Mia was gonna be an only child.
and we agreed upon that.
You agreed.
-Hmm.
-[door opening]
-[Denise] Hello?
-[man] We're in here.
-Hi!
-[Denise] Hello. Hello. Hello.
-[man] Hey.
What did I miss?
Well. apart from dinner. nothing. Just--
-Kids downstairs?
-Yeah.
-Hey.
-Pete was just telling me the good news.
[Denise] Yeah. right.
I'm thrilled. actually.
It'll be more work.
but the pay is fantastic.
-And. frankly. I was done--
-Oh. no. no. That--
That you guys are trying for a baby.
Oh!
-[object thuds]
-[Mia shrieking]
Mia?
[Toby screaming]
Mia? It's okay. I'm coming. honey.
-[Mia] Mum!
-Mia? You okay?
Toby hit me.
What? Are you all right?
-You-- You don't hit!
-Sarah!
Sweetheart. let's see. Here. let me see.
He's only three. Mia.
He doesn't understand.
-You little shit.
-Jesus. Sarah.
[Toby screams]
-Hey! Don't hit!
-Sarah!
[Mia crying]
Sorry.
Is that a birthday cake
I saw in the kitchen?
Why don't we go and have some cake?
Yeah. Yeah.
Come on. darling.
Sorry.
He is a little shit.
[chuckles]
[door opens]
[wind whooshing]
[tense music playing]
[music continues]
Yeah. piss off.
Yeah. go on. fuck off.
Go on.
[rabbit squealing]
[Sarah yelps]
Ow.
[eerie music playing]
[music continues]
[distorted. muffled sounds]
[panting]
[music intensifies]
[music stops abruptly]
[gasps]
God.
What is that?
[Mia] I made it.
Mia. you have fur all over you.
-Can you take this off. please?
-[Mia] Don't!
Oh. well…
Love you. Bunny.
[phone ringing]
[disconnects call]
[man on voicemail] This is Sandy McLennan
from Warrendi Nursing Home.
Dr. Gregory. we'd like to meet with you
to discuss your mother Joan's condition.
In person. if possible.
Can you please get in touch
to arrange a time? Thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts in pain]
[inhales sharply]
[gasps]
[door opens]
Hi. Sorry.
-Sorry.
-Uh. you're welcome to call ahead.
Yes.
Yeah. I was driving. Sorry.
-Um. what-- Uh. where is she?
-She went out to play. She's with Nowa.
Okay. um…
Fuck.
Where's Mia?
Um. she was just here.
Uh-huh?
Mia?
-Hey. Tubby. have you seen Mia?
-No.
[child breathing heavily]
[ominous music playing]
[panting frantically]
You know. you can always tell me
if there's someone bullying you. Mia.
Is there someone bullying you?
Sure?
Why won't you tell me
why you were so upset today. Bunny?
Sweetheart?
I miss her.
Who do you miss?
My mummy.
Oh. [chuckles]
Mia. I'm your mummy. You know that.
I'm right here.
Do you mean Denise?
[phone ringing]
Uh…
All right. Mia. Hop out.
Gotta get ready for bed.
[phone continues ringing]
[disconnects call]
-[gasps]
-[Mia] Guess who?
Um. can you take that off. please?
Who was on the phone?
Uh…
Nobody.
A ghost.
[chuckles]
Yeah. maybe.
Come on. homework.
[Mia] So we have to put the trunk
in the family tree about here.
[Sarah] Mmm-hmm.
[Mia] And all the people are the leaves.
[Sarah] Okay.
You know Grandpa?
Hmm?
How he died…
Yeah.
And we went to the funeral.
Mmm-hmm.
Was Joan there?
Uh…
No. she wasn't. Bunny.
Why not?
Well…
Uh. she lives very far away.
We need to stick photos in too.
How far away?
Did you say photos?
-Yes.
-Can't we just draw the pictures?
I need photos.
Well. I'm gonna need them back.
[Mia] Where's Joan?
[Sarah] Um…
-I don't have any photos of her.
-Why not?
I haven't seen her in a long time.
I don't stay in touch with her.
Why not?
Well. that's just the way it is. Bunny.
But I need a photo of Joan.
[gasps] Maybe Grandpa
had some in his boxes.
Hmm.
He might.
Please.
Um. you know what?
Maybe we can look tomorrow.
But not tonight.
[door opening]
[box cutter clicking]
[cutting tape]
[ominous music playing]
-[gasps]
-[Mia] I've been looking for that.
-Hey!
-That's not for you.
-What are you doing out of bed?
-It's mine. I've been looking for it.
No. it's not. Go back to sleep.
[Sarah sighs]
[door closes]
[eerie music playing]
[muffled sloshing]
[Mia breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[grunts]
-[Mia] It was dark and I couldn't wake up.
-I know. Bunny.
It was just a dream.
It was just a bad dream.
Did you take this to bed with you?
Why?
It's me.
Uh. I don't want you taking
things that aren't yours.
But it is mine. It's me.
It's not you.
[Mia] How do you know it's not me?
Because it was taken before you were born.
Come on. get in.
Go to bed.
All right. All right. good night--
Mia. what--
Hang on.
Sweetheart. you-- Did you hurt yourself?
Did someone at school do this to you?
Is-- Mia. is someone hurting you?
I want to see Joan.
Uh…
Well. Joan's… Joan's not well.
Well. maybe if she sees me.
she'll feel better.
I would feel better.
-No. I don't think so. Bunny.
-I want to see Joan.
Go to sleep.
I want to see Joan.
[muffled] I want to see Joan!
I want to see Joan!
Why can't I see Joan?
I want to see Joan! I want to see Joan!
[eerie music playing]
-[thuds]
-[gasps]
Shit. Shit. Oh. my God. Shit.
[Mia] I didn't see you hit anything.
You sure?
-Why do you need to look for it?
-Because it might be injured.
[Mia] Then what?
[groans] Oh.
Well. it might be suffering.
[Mia] Will you kill it?
Uh. you sure you didn't see anything?
[eerie music playing]
[Mia] Are we here?
Are we?
Sweetheart. your nose is bleeding.
Jesus. what? How'd that happen? Here.
Um. okay. Let's go.
[Sandy] I appreciate you coming here.
Your mother talks about you.
[Sarah] You said we needed
to discuss her condition.
Now. Sarah. I understand
that your father hoped temporary care here
would provide Joan with respite.
What Dad did for Joan was his business.
I didn't involve myself.
Oh. I understand that.
and I'm sorry for your loss.
Your dad was a kind man.
I'm afraid
it's my responsibility to tell you
that Joan will require ongoing care.
Uh. I'm sorry.
Is this about increased fees?
Uh. there are additional costs but--
Uh. you… You have my email.
I didn't need to come in for this. Sorry.
I know that you may have
phoned Dad all the time.
but I've been explicit
about limiting necessary contact.
I didn't even know he'd put her here
until he was dying.
I know about your estrangement.
But. Sarah. this is not simply
a matter of administration.
Your mother
has been diagnosed with dementia.
I'm so sorry.
Uh. how bad is it?
She's been forgetting to wash herself.
Forgetting to eat.
She keeps asking for you
in moments of lucidity.
Now. that's a first.
-[Sandy] You excited to meet your grandma?
-Yeah.
[Sandy] She's had
a bit of a rough morning.
Joan…
you remember Sarah?
Your daughter.
[gasps]
[Mia] Hello.
Uh. Mia…
[Joan gasps]
Alice?
Oh.
Alice.
Joan. this is Mia. Sarah's daughter.
-Mia's your granddaughter.
-[Joan crying] Oh!
I'm here now. Don't be sad.
[crying] Oh. I've missed you so much.
So much.
Where have you been? Where have you been?
I love you so much.
-You belong to me.
-[Sandy] Joan. calm down. Please. Joan.
-Okay. that's enough.
-[Sandy] Joan. let go.
-Get away from me!
-Don't!
-[Sandy] Joan. come on.
-Joan's had enough.
-Let's leave.
-[Mia] No. I don't want to!
-[Joan] Don't leave me!
-I don't want to go!
-Stop. Mia. We're going.
-I want to play with Joan.
-Let go. please.
-Alice!
-[Mia] I don't want to go!
[Sandy] Calm down. Calm down.
[Joan screaming] Alice! Alice!
No! I don't want to go!
Alice!
-No! I don't want to.
-Mia.
-Stop! Stop!
-Mia. just let me put your seatbelt on.
-Ow!
-[Mia] I don't want to!
-Mia. put your legs inside.
-I want to stay with Joan!
-Put your legs in--
Mia. stop it!
-Oh. God.
-Stop.
-Stop it now.
-Stop!
[Sarah grunting]
-Stop kicking me.
-No! I want to stay with--
[Mia screaming]
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Please. baby.
Bunny. let me see. I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. sweetheart.
Sweetheart…
I know that you
might not understand why Mummy is…
[door handle rattles]
-Mia. Listen. Mia.
-[unlocks car door]
Wait. I wanna have a conv--
[eerie music playing]
[woman] Sarah?
Sarah?
I said it looks like
you've both been in the wars.
Oh. Oh. oh. [chuckles awkwardly]
Yeah. it's awful. Yeah.
I didn't mean to.
Obviously.
How are things at home?
Good.
Yeah. I mean. you know. hard.
given the circumstances.
but we're doing okay.
And do you think Mia's coping
with the loss of her grandfather?
Um. what do you mean. "coping"?
Sarah. the school is here to support.
It's clear there's
something troubling Mia. That's all.
Right. well. I-- [sputters]
Yes. I did wonder
whether she's being bullied.
I think it's something
quite different than that.
Sorry. turn it over.
[foreboding music playing]
I've been finding these
on the back of her homework.
What? Wha--
Sarah. I think that Mia
is struggling to control her anxiety.
Okay.
Most kids experience anxiety
at some time or another.
You know. things change.
The loss of a loved one is difficult.
But I think that Mia
may need some extra help.
Do you have a good family GP?
Oh. do you mean… professional help?
Look. it can't hurt.
Sweetheart. do you wanna--
Do you wanna talk
about what's been happening lately?
You haven't really been yourself.
[Mia] I don't think I am myself.
What?
What does-- What does that mean. Mia?
Mia?
[Mia] Don't call me that.
I want you to call me Alice.
[eerie music playing]
But your name is Mia.
No.
Alice.
I wanna go home.
Mia!
Mia?
[Sarah] Our Dog Knows Words.
-Hmm. that's a pretty clever dog.
-Look.
Oh. yeah. that's nice.
[ominous music playing]
-Bunny. you can't draw in library books.
-I didn't.
Mia. you're not gonna get in trouble
if you just tell the truth.
I didn't do anything.
Stop lying to me.
I'm not lying.
Well. you are.
because you've drawn in a library book.
I haven't.
I don't understand
what's going on with you lately. Mia.
I need to see Joan.
What?
Why do you need to see Joan?
You never even met her till yesterday.
She says she loves me and I belong to her.
You don't belong to her.
You… [inhales sharply]
You don't even know her.
She's sick. Bunny.
She doesn't know who you are.
She doesn't know who I am.
She doesn't know who anyone is.
She does know who I am.
No. she doesn't. Mia.
-I'm going to see her.
-No. you're not.
Bunny. you are going to sleep.
[Mia whispering] You're not my real mummy.
I want to go home.
[line ringing]
[Denise on phone] Hi. Sarah.
Uh. hi.
Sorry. Hi. Denise. Um…
Is Pete home?
Uh. no. Uh. no. he's not.
Okay. um. could you
just let him know that I called?
It's. uh… It's about Mia.
Yeah. yeah. Is everything okay?
Yeah. everything's fine.
Just need to run a few things past him.
Yeah. Um…
Yeah. of course. Um…
I mean. I'm… I'm always here.
if you need to talk.
Oh. Um…
Great. thanks.
Okay. Um…
Hey. I'm sorry
about what happened with Toby.
I-- I completely understand
why you lost your temper.
It's been really hard for you
with your father's passing and…
Pete mentioned it might have
brought up all that stuff from before
with your sister.
What do you mean?
God. Sarah. I'm so sorry.
I can't imagine
what it must have been like.
Sarah?
No. Denise. You can't.
[ominous music playing]
[music builds]
[music fades]
[somber music playing]
[sniffling]
Dad.
[sobs]
You're a good…
You're a good girl.
You're a good… You're a good girl.
-[footsteps thudding]
-[gasps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[eerie music playing]
[line ringing]
-[Pete over phone] Sarah.
-[Sarah] What the fuck did you tell her?
What?
[scoffs] Denise.
"All that stuff from before."
[Pete sighs]
I thought it was important that she know.
For fuck's sake. Pete.
She's a social worker. Sarah.
She understands. you know.
trauma. family stuff.
She understands nothing.
She doesn't need to understand anything.
-It has nothing to do with her.
-Okay. Okay.
I'm sorry.
How's Mia?
She's fine.
Really?
Because the school called me.
and they said they've spoken to you too.
Mmm-hmm.
What's going on?
She-- [sighs] She wanted--
She wanted to see Joan again.
Then take her. Sarah.
-No. Pete. it's--
-Sarah. it'll be all right.
Take Mia. show her the house.
clear it out. and pack it up.
[Pete sighing]
-Put a fucking lid on it.
-No. Pete--
Sarah. let Mia have
a relationship with her grandma.
[eerie music playing]
Can people come back?
-Come back from where?
-From where they go when they die.
Uh. um…
No. Bunny.
Grandpa said
he would come back as a pelican.
[Sarah] Did he?
I don't remember that.
It was our little secret.
He said he wanted to keep an eye on you.
[Mia] Does Joan live here?
[sighing deeply]
Mum?
No.
No. she used to.
No. this is where
I lived when I was little.
[birds squawking]
[eerie music playing]
[Mia] It's open!
How'd you open it?
Under the pot plant.
Okay. well…
Okay. well. wait. Wait. Mia.
Wait.
Hey. wait.
[Mia running]
[door opens]
[Mia] Hey. I'm gonna sleep in here.
[Sarah] What?
No. Mia. No. hang on.
Look. it's me.
[Sarah] No. it's-- That's not you.
[Mia] Yes. it is.
No. it's not.
Come on. I don't wanna be in here.
Why not?
Uh-- Because I don't! Come on.
But I like it in here.
No. out. Now.
It's my room.
Mia. out.
Come on. out. Get out. I don't want to--
-No.
-I don't want to be in here. Get out.
-No! [screaming]
-Just-- Come on!
You're a terrible person.
[scratching]
What are you drawing?
[Mia] It's for Joan.
Oh.
Can't I see?
Can you draw me one after?
[Mia] Okay.
So. you lived here?
Uh. yeah.
Before Grandpa and I moved to the city.
[Mia] Why'd you move away?
Um. I don't…
I don't like to talk about it.
[Mia] Why?
[Mia continues drawing]
Because it makes me sad.
[Mia] Why?
I said I don't want to talk about it. Mia.
[stops drawing]
[Mia] My name is Alice.
Mia…
Mia. I need you to tell me
if someone has said something to you.
Denise… maybe? Or-- or your dad?
[Mia] About what?
If someone has said
something to you about Alice.
[Mia] I am Alice.
Please. [shudders] Mia. this isn't a game.
Tell me if someone has said something
to you that they shouldn't have.
[Mia] No one tells me anything.
Okay.
I had a sister.
Her name was Alice.
Where is she?
She went missing.
A long time ago.
When she was only seven.
I'm back.
I'm your sister.
I'm seven.
Mia…
-Alice.
-Stop it.
[Mia] I'm Alice.
Mia. stop it.
[Mia] I came back. I'm Alice.
Just stop it. Mia.
-It is not fun--
-[loudly] I'm Alice! I'm Alice! I'm Alice!
Mia! Mia.
Mia. look. I know you don't understand.
but it really hurts Mummy…
[Mia breathing heavily]
Bunny.
Oh. sweetheart.
I'll get you a tissue.
[gasps]
[Sandy] Looking forward
to seeing your grandma?
-Yes.
-Excellent. Up here. your first right.
-Mia. Mia.
-I'll be here if you need me.
-[Mia] I'm back!
-Thank you.
Oh.
Sarah.
Oh. we were here before.
and you didn't recognize me.
Mia?
[sighs] Oh.
Thank you for bringing her.
You well?
Yeah. we're okay.
[Joan] Your father?
Dad's…
Dad's dead. He died.
Oh. yes. I knew that.
Do you remember me?
[gasps]
I've been wanting to meet you
for such a very. very long time.
Albert told me all about you. little Mia.
No.
Alice.
-[Sarah] Uh. Mia.
-[Mia] You called me Alice.
-[Sarah] Mia. stop it.
-I don't understand.
-My name is Alice. You said--
-We're gonna go. Come on.
-Why don't you remember me?
-[Sarah] Mia. come on.
Ow!
I hate you!
[Sarah] Mia. Mia.
Mia!
[birds squawking]
[ominous music playing]
It's a long way down.
I wanna show you something.
[soft music playing]
[Sarah] Come on.
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies and stops abruptly]
[Mia] Can you tell me about her?
Oh. uh…
She was very pretty. [chuckles]
She had. uh… dark hair and freckles.
[Mia] Like me?
Yeah. just like you.
What was she like?
[Sarah] Uh…
We were different.
And we… fought a lot.
Sisters fight a lot.
She liked animals.
She'd. um… She'd find animals
and bring them home and look after them.
What kind of animals? Rabbit?
No. Dogs. And… found a bird once.
[chuckles]
My dad used to catch wild rabbits.
They were pests.
I used to help him check the traps.
but she didn't like that.
Did she like games?
Yeah.
Chasey?
Mmm-hmm.
Hide-and-seek?
No.
I don't like hide-and-seek.
You don't look for me.
Mia?
You don't like me.
You make me hide and hide and hide.
-Mia.
-You make me hide all day.
You don't want to find me. You lock me in.
Stop it. Mia.
[Mia] I hate you!
[Sarah] Mia.
Mia!
Mia.
-Mia.
-[door slams shut]
[Mia] Go away.
-Mia!
-[rattles doorknob]
[grunts]
[line ringing]
[voicemail] You've called Pete.
I can't take your call at the moment.
So leave a message.
[Sarah] Uh. hi. Pete. um…
I don't know if you or Denise
had said something to Mia.
but she knows about Alice.
And for whatever fucking reason.
she's pretending to be her.
So if you could call me back. um…
I don't…
I don't feel good. Pete.
[eerie music playing]
[disconnects call]
-[gasps]
-[Mia whispers] Guess who?
[Sarah gasps]
What are you wearing?
It's mine.
It is mine.
[ominous music playing]
Go to sleep.
[eerie music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music stops abruptly]
[gasps]
[frantic music playing]
[door creaking]
[whimpering sounds]
[whimpering continues]
[tense music playing]
[door creaking]
-[Mia whispers] Guess who?
-[Sarah gasps]
[eerie music playing]
[door closes]
[ominous music playing]
[music builds]
[music stops]
I want to sell the house.
Sarah…
I'll pay for this place. this facility.
You can stay here.
-I don't need--
-Dad asked me to before he died.
I know that…
you still spoke. but I didn't know--
I didn't know all this.
Oh. [sighs]
You don't need to sell the house.
I'm gonna go back there when I leave here.
It's what your father and I agreed.
You can't go back there.
But it's her home.
[scoffs]
She's not coming back.
She's not.
What do you think's gonna happen?
She'll stroll through the door one day?
You've wasted your life waiting for her.
-You're a nasty little thing.
-[Sarah gasps]
I don't want to look at you.
I can't stand the sight of you.
I should never have left her with you.
-She's not safe with you.
-Ow!
-She's--
-Get off me!
Mia?
[ominous music playing]
Sweetheart?
Shit.
Mia? Sweetheart?
[ominous music continues]
Mia?
Sweetheart?
[music intensifies]
Mia?
[grunting]
[panting]
[muffled sounds]
[whimpering]
[ominous music continues]
[distorted muffled sounds]
Found you.
[gasps]
[Sarah panting]
You never. ever do that again.
-Do you hear me?
-I woke up and you weren't there.
I don't care.
What if something had happened to you?
And did you--
Did you put the pictures back up?
No.
-Did you go into the shed?
-I didn't do anything.
[bangs table]
Joan is not gonna come back here.
-So we need to pack everything up.
-No!
You need to pack your things.
I am taking you home tomorrow.
This is my home.
Uh.
I'm gonna have a shower. Just stay inside.
[eerie music playing]
[sighs deeply]
I'm sorry. Bunny.
I didn't mean to yell.
[ominous music playing]
[music continues]
[man] Sarah.
[distorted muffled sounds]
[tense music playing]
[mouthing] Where's Alice?
[music continues]
[Mia screaming]
Mia?
-[screaming continues]
-[sputtering] Mia?
Mia?
Mia. what's happening? Mia. it's okay.
It's okay. sweetheart.
Stop. stop. stop. stop.
You're having a nightmare.
-[Mia panting]
-It's okay. You're having a nightmare.
Sweetheart. it's just a dream. It's okay.
You're all right.
-Hey. [shushing]
-[Mia breathing heavily]
What's this? What's this? No. no.
What?
-What?
-No. you're hurt.
-[Mia. loudly] What?
-Let me see. Let me see.
-What?
-Just let me see. I just need to--
-Did you hurt yourself?
-What? Stop it!
-Just hold still. I need to get in here.
-Stop it.
-I need to see what you've done--
-Stop it!
-No. Mia. I need to--
-Stop. Please. Mummy.
-It hurts! Stop!
-Mia. don't. I just--
Stop it. Ow.
Mia. just let me--
[Mia screaming]
[Sarah panting]
What?
Mia. I'm sorry.
[object banging]
[banging continues]
[door banging and creaking]
[tense music playing]
[whimpering sounds]
[door continues banging]
[whimpering continues]
[music builds]
[door continues banging]
[music crescendos and abruptly stops]
[Sarah gasps]
[Alice] You locked me in!
[Sarah grunting and coughing]
[choking]
Alice!
Alice. don't…
I can't… Alice…
Help… [choking]
[breathing heavily]
[eerie music playing]
Alice!
[Mia panting]
Alice. I'm sorry!
Alice! I didn't…
Alice!
-Jesus!
-[trap clatters]
[crying] Alice!
[grunting]
Let me in. Alice!
Open the door!
Let me in!
[crying] Please. let me in. Alice!
Please. let me in. Alice!
[head banging]
[thud]
[slow music playing]
[imperceptible]
[muffled screaming]
[scream echoing]
[distorted muffled sounds]
[scratching]
[banging]
-[banging on door]
-[Pete] Sarah?
[banging continues]
Sarah!
Sarah?
[banging frantically]
[whimpers]
[crying] Oh. God. No!
[banging continues]
[Pete] Sarah!
Jesus. Sarah.
Why haven't you been answering your phone?
[Sarah] Don't.
What the fuck's going on?
-[Sarah] Uh…
-Where's Mia?
She's…
-She's-- She's in there.
-Mia?
-In where? Where?
-In there!
Here?
Mia?
[Sarah breathing heavily]
-Mia?
-How did she…
-[Pete] Mia!
-[Sarah] Mia?
Mia!
-Mia!
[tense music playing]
Mia!
[Sarah] Mia?
-It's Dad. Bunny!
-Sweetheart?
[Pete] Mia!
Mia!
[Sarah] Mia!
Mia? Mia!
Sarah!
Mia!
[Sarah] Help! Help! Someone help. [crying]
Help! Help!
[gasping for breath]
Oh. God.
Mia!
[Sarah crying]
-Thank God! Baby.
-Bunny. Bunny. you're…
Come here!
[ominous music playing]
[music continues]
[music fades]
[Joan snoring]
Did you find her?
[voice trembling] Yes.
Alice.
Alice is…
[crying] Alice is dead.
Oh. no.
I don't think so.
I don't think she's dead.
[nurse] Sorry. you're not allowed
to be in here.
[sniffles] Oh. sorry. I'm…
[nurse] Are you all right?
Yeah. fine. Sorry.
[eerie music playing]
[Pete snoring]
[Sarah crying]
I'm sorry.
For the things I did to you.
[Alice] What did you do?
[sighs deeply]
I hurt you.
[Alice] What else?
I told--
I told Mum you ran away.
[Sarah crying]
Why?
[Sarah] Because I…
Because I didn't wanna tell her the truth.
[Alice] You're a monster.
[crying] I'm a monster.
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music continues]
Mia?
[imperceptible]
[ominous music continues]
[music fades]
[eerie music playing]